Elder Lei will no longer be in danger after today
You can be crowned king with peace of mind
Did you know there is a word called
Is Gaiguan's conclusion?
Elder Lei, what do you mean?
Wait for Qinglong to help that kid cover the coffin
Then get ready for the coronation
OK
That's fine.
At that time, Qinglong will be your great guardian
Then I can also be a great elder
Not good, not good
He's back!
Didn't you go to cover the coffin for a conclusion?
So embarrassed
It's better than the coffin that the little brother built
What the hell is going on with Qinglong?
He's back!
He's really back.
Who is it, who is back, you can make it clear
Was Li Changlong Qinglong scared silly?
What the hell is going on with Qinglong?
He's back!
He's really back.
That's terrible.
Elder Lei is the king of blood, Lin Fan
And there he was.
Right in Jiangdong
And he was unfathomable.
Strength at least builds Wuwang Jin
What!
He regained his strength
It's over. It's over.
He must be looking for us now
What can Elder Wei do? Shut up.
lead as a father
How to talk about great achievements